Barcelona 4-0 at the
almería the set of luis enrique
increases your lead advantage to the
wait for what he does to his maximum rival
Real Madrid a not brilliant match
of barcelona but yes quite effective
with two goals by Luis Suarez with one
first action in which he claimed
penalty pedro was opening that man the
ex barcelonista sergi barjuán in the
Almería's bench
to get your first points
messi tried the header and
wellington silva had a very good
opportunity for the Andalusian team
still with the 0-0
his shot was going too
used
so did Peter's shot of
volley after that game change in
barcelona that soon began to have
your first chances of danger
xavi tried the auction with that volley and
He did not get to worry too much about
julián however in an action
individual of messi the argentinian
I got the 1-0
the shot with unreachable thread for
julián became the first goal of the
match in minute 33 of match and
Barcelona opened the scoring with a
great goal by leo messi a match that
went 1-0 to the break and in which
Luis Suarez got the 2-0 at 10
minutes of the second half is not
quite similar to the first one this time
Uruguayan striker cutting towards
inside and placing the ball with the
left the barcelona- increased his
advantage a boat where I want to have a
second part much more comfortable marc
bertrán titular in the center of the rear
to 3-0
the corner kick the anticipation of the
young central
will become the third goal of the
barcelona marked the new leo messi
However, the goal canceled due to lack of
Argentine is not out of the game but if
lack of leo messi about the player of
almería before receiving that ball
I also tried a direct lack of
yes good answer from Julian and the
Almería in the final stretch was going to
get to score that if the goal was not going
to go up to the scoreboard the zongo center
the spectacular goal by tomás somewhat
that should have gone up to the score
it does not seem to be out of the game
player of almería
I went up to the goalkeeper if I was going to
do already in the 93rd minute in the last
action of the game the fourth goal the
second of luis suárez barcelona 4
almería 0 the Catalan team is leader
the supporter has 74 points and of
almeria for its part stays with the 25
points that had sum eight days without
win and has added only three points of
the last 24 possible